Improve SQL Server requirements (#7946)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/sqlserver.rst

Requirements
------------

> Requirements for using the connector in a catalog to connect to a PostgreSQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requirements for using the connector in a catalog to connect to a SQL Server
```

Author: Fixed

> Requirements for using the connector in a catalog to connect to a SQL Server

Reviewer 2: GDDSG recommends active voice whenever possible: https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/active-voice
